# w266_final_project
Final project repository for UCB MIDS W266. Group: Bronte Baer, Jean-Luc Jackson, Richard Robbins


# Project File Organization

We utilize our [Google Drive project folder](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1te6ye-vVmYWcbHI2eaNYLKkZgVbMGCj4) to avoid GitHub’s large file restrictions. **All datasets, models, and predictions can be found in our Google Drive.** 


## Repo File Organization

### `code`
Contains working folders for each team member. These are unstructured. 

### `data`
Points you to our Google Drive project folder — see note above and section below. 

## Google Drive File Organization

### Data
Contains a folder for each dataset, **formatted as `<dataset-name>.hf`**. Each folder contains the post-processed train and validation data, named `train_pairs.csv` and `valid_pairs.csv` respectively.

- `quac.hf`
    - … *(Hugging Face files/folders)*
    - `train_pairs.csv`
    - `valid_pairs.csv`
- `squad.hf`
    - …
    - `train_pairs.csv`
    - `valid_pairs.csv` 
- `trivia_qa_rc.hf`
    - …
    - `train_pairs.csv`
    - `valid_pairs.csv`  
- … 


### Models
Contains a folder for each model, **formatted as `<checkpoint>_<framework>_<training-dataset(s)>`**. Here, `<checkpoint>` refers to the Hugging Face model checkpoint we used (with underscores in place of hyphens or spaces). `<framework>` refers to the machine learning coding framework, either PyTorch (`pt`) or TensorFlow/Keras (`tf`). `<training-dataset(s)>` refers to the datasets used to fine-tune the model, listed alphabetically and separated by underscores.

- `T5_base_pt_squad`
    - checkpoints
    - … *(other model-related files/folders)*
- `T5_base_tf_squad`
    - checkpoints
    - … *(other model-related files/folders)*
- … 

### Notes
Contains miscellaneous notes related to our project.

### Predictions
Contains a folder for each model **with folder names matching the formatting of the `Models` folder above**. Each model folder here contains a `predictions.csv` with two columns: `target` | `prediction`. The `target` is the question we are aiming to generate and the `prediction` is the question actually generated by the model.

This folder also contains a notebook `generate_predictions.ipynb` that generates the described CSV and evaluates the predictions saved in each subfolder. These evaluations are summarized in our project report.

### Reference Material
Contains related literature to our project, including inspiration and generally related works.